AFTER THE RESURRECTION (CONTINUED): JESUS IN PERSON: ON THE SHORE—THE GREAT CATCH OF FISH—PETER—THAT OTHER LOVED ONE
A.D. 30. Age 33. Sea of Galilee.

John 21, 1-25.

JESUS shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; * and on this wise: there were together Simon Peter and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two others of his disciples.

Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say, We go with thee. They entered into a ship immediately; and that night they caught nothing.

But when the morning was come, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus. Then saith he unto them,

Children, have ye any meat?
They answered, No. And he said,

Cast the net on the right side of the ship, and ye shall find.
They cast; and as soon as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid thereon, and bread. Jesus saith,

Bring of the fish which ye have now caught.
Peter drew the net to land full of great fishes, and for all there were so many; yet was not the net broken.

Jesus saith unto them,

Come and dine.
Jesus then taketh bread, and giveth them, and fish likewise.

¶So when they had dined, Jesus saith,

Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these?
He saith, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith,


p. 142

Feed my lambs.
He saith the second time,

Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?
He saith, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith,

Feed my sheep.
He saith the third time,

Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?
Peter was grieved because he said the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him,

Feed my sheep.
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdedst thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou shall be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldest not.

This spake he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And he saith unto Peter,

Follow me.
Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple following, whom Jesus loved. * Seeing him, Peter saith, Lord, and what shall this man do? Jesus answered,

If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me.
This is the disciple * which testifieth of these things: and wrote these things. And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written.